[Music]
we are just done with the 1v1 event
right now between fofo Bjork's and I'm
joined right now with covers presented
by HTC eSports to interview with them
cuz fofo I saw earlier today on the HCC
eSports Twitter that you kind of called
out bjergsen and you said it was GG easy
noob but then you lost what happened I
just I don't know why beers and he's so
good so so just I'm Lewis he's better I
would to improve okay so bjergsen in
response to his thing you said we'll
play Zowie but then they're nice
lighting playing Zoe on stage and I
someone went I said so that you banned
this is not actually planned now I got
scared though you look too good could
you have beep York soon with Zoe I think
he play well better than mean I think
but yeah okay so maybe the Zoe Zoe thing
would have been whatever now for for
this you know what do you think York
since chances are on the rest of the 1v1
tournament house it wouldn't be as an
Evo Dodds amanwe I think he will got
chimp or number 2 number 1 or number 2 I
think number 1 or number 2 bjergsen are
you gonna be able to do one number one
or number two
oh so I figure I heard of me now so I
don't have an easy early bracket
I think the mid laners are gonna be
really good because you still playing
the warm you want I think a lot of mid
lane and AD carry champions are good and
mid laner so used to playing those so
definitely not an easy bracket coming
off but I've done it before you can do
it again
very good finally fofo because they
don't you know I know you're a busy man
who knows if I'll have a chance to talk
to you what is it like for you to be
here in America competing at the
all-star event I like LA and I like here
here is more very comfortable and nice
to me very very good York so do you have
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there about the 1v1
sort of your experience here today um
how about the one we won I don't know
hope L win the whole thing
I guess my toughest opponent will be
tomorrow I think well the whole
tournament I've been having more fun
than I expected I thought that the
format change was not really what I
would have liked I would have liked to
keep it more fun or make it more
competitive kind of go to either
spectrum but I'm actually been having a
really good time with all sorts team and
I'm meeting new people like football
very cute well thank you guys so much
for the interview really happy to talk
to you after the 1v1 that was super
great and for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel